this iPhone 6 concept presentation on
real-deal productions is brought to you
by the CG Bros before our presentation
today we would like to share with you
this awesome channel that has short
films tutorials and more
these guys are the CG Bros and click the
annotation on your screen now or in the
link in the description to go check out
these great people subscribe today and
tell them I sent you
thank you the iPhone 6 is rumored to
have a completely new design that is
more similar to the iPod Touch design
the rumored release date for the iPhone
6 is sometime in September 2014 there is
also rumor of a 5.5 inch device that
will be released later in the year or in
early 2015
both of these screens are also rumored
to have higher pixel density sapphire
crystal screens are also expected to be
present this type of material will help
keep the screen much more durable apples
a8 chip is expected to land in the
iPhone 6 possibly being clocked at 2
gigahertz for the camera system there is
expected to be a 13 megapixel Sony
sensor for the rear camera and optical
image stabilization which can do various
things such as help reduce shutter blur
in lower light environments the m7
coprocessor is expected to be upgraded
with an atmospheric sensor and the Wi-Fi
capabilities should be updated to 802 11
AC with the larger screens on these
devices the sleep button is expected to
be relocated from the top of the phone
to the side of the phone so there you
have it a very quick tour of some of the
rumored and concept features for the
iPhone 6
if you wish to stay updated with
real-deal uploads smash that subscribe
button and hit that like button if you
liked the video want to get it behind
the scenes look at the computer clan
feel free to sign up on our CC backstage
forum and if you wish to see more
content from us visit us on the computer
clan dot-com